On one hand Fran sends me a WhatsApp
saying Go to Twitch I'm going to open
Twitch and start something and I [ __ ]
wait for the night but of course Fran is like that
no I mean you can't stop him
then suddenly by the time I
was answering his WhatsApp the guy
was already cursing everything on Twitch there was a
really big mess he tramples on Win michu but
he tramples him at Win michu level who the [ __ ] He
sends you to get involved in these things
If you're not even dedicated to this
indirectly this starts with the
Lilo thing trust the tit that Felipe puts
to refute what Fran is saying
Fran is talking about taxes and
all that stuff an opinion based and he
jumps on you eh To discredit Fran eh [ __ ] it
was hard for me to [ __ ] today no matter
how hard I tried nothing came out and
now I understand my [ __ ] had taken
human form and I was writing from
this guy's account answer I don't
know you But you say that your [ __ ]
transformed into me in human form if that
were the case no  You would be someone who could have been
and wasn't someone who looks in the mirror He
will always be ugly with an
unpleasant appearance who lives locked in his
[ __ ] because he is not who he would have
liked to be In short, talking about
[ __ ], someone who is not worth the [ __ ] he
shits